# REQ-SUn-network
partof: REQ-purpose
###
# Network Model

According to the paper the network that is generated is a small world network of a lattice structure. Each of the frameworks will have a different way generating and creating this network.

## Methodology: Creating Friendship Networks

In the classroom, each node is given a 60% probability to rewire a connection, this will allow the nodes to pair with their neighbour on either side.

Connections formed with other classrooms are given a 10% chance of rewiring, this allows students to have more friends other than the ones in their classroom only.

The parameters in the paper are:

- Group sizes
- Average Degree
- Average Path Length
- Clustering Coefficient

Links between friends:
- Has to be greater or equal to 2


# REQ-SUp
partof: REQ-Purpose
###
(setup)

This initialises the model with all the details need to run the simulation, as well as, generating the agents and making the connections

When the program is complete it will report:
- The epochs
- The number of agents categorised by their status: "healthy", "sick" and "absent"


# REQ-SUp-population
## Initial model parameters:

- Classroom size = 21 students
- Number of Classrooms = 6


# SPC-framework
partof: REQ-purpose
###
For the purpose of this project, as mentioned, two frameworks will be comapred in order to evulate and comapre the difference between model replication. Each have their own tools which differ from how the modelling will be approached.


# SPC-net
partof: SPC-framework
###
## NetLogo

NetLogo is a framework that allows the user to create an ABM environment for their simulation. 

For this specific Norovirus Simulation, it was used to generate classrooms where the virus could spread between the neighbours and their friends.


# SPC-netlogo-model
partof: REQ-SUn-network
###
## NetLogo Network Model

For the NetLogo Model, the network was generated by setting up breeds on netlogo, each breed was a classroom, thus for this model there are 126 students so there will be 6 classrooms with 21 students in each.

The network was setup using lists, which would contain the friends around the node.


# SPC-panaxea
partof: SPC-framework
###


# SPC-panaxea-model
partof: REQ-SUn-network
###
## PanaXea Model Network

For the PanaXea framework, as it based in python, networkx package will be used to generate the small world network. Networkx offers various forms of graphs that can be generated, for this specific model the Watts Strogatz graph was used. 

Example code implementation:

  `G = nx.watts_strogatz_graph(126, 2, 1.1) `


# SPC-students
partof: REQ-SUp-population
###
## Attributes

The students will have variables, this will include if the student is infected or not, or if the said student is at school.

This will include:
- Is the student infected?
- Is the student next to their neighbour?
- Is the student absent?